feat(tests): e2e tests for chain upgrades (#1028)
evmos/evmos: tests/e2e/README.md

## Structure

### `e2e` Package

The `e2e` package defines an integration testing suite used for full end-to-end testing functionality. This package is decoupled from depending on the Evmos codebase. It initializes the chains for testing via Docker.
As a result, the test suite may provide the desired Evmos version to Docker containers during the initialization. This design allows for the opportunity of testing chain upgrades by providing an older Evmos version to the container, performing the chain upgrade, and running the latest test suite. Here's an overview of the files:

* `e2e_suite_test.go`: defines the testing suite and contains the core bootstrapping logic that creates a testing environment via Docker containers. A testing network is created dynamically with 2 test validators.
* `e2e_test.go`: contains the actual end-to-end integration tests that utilize the testing suite.

### `upgrade` Package

The `e2e` package defines an upgrade `Manager` abstraction. Suite will utilize `Manager`'s functions to run different versions of evmos containers, propose, vote and delegate.

* `manager.go`: defines core manager logic for running containers, export state and create networks.

> * `govexec.go`: defines `gov-specific` exec commands to submit/delegate/vote thru nodes `gov` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `govexec.go`: defines `gov-specific` exec commands to submit/delegate/vote through nodes `gov` module.
```

# current latest tag
TARGET_VERSION := $(shell git describe --abbrev=0 --tags `git rev-list --tags --max-count=1`)

# flag to skip containers cleanup after upgrade
# should be set true with make test-e2e command if you need access to the node after upgrade
E2E_SKIP_CLEANUP := false
```

every flag can be set manually with make command:

```shell
make test-e2e E2E_SKIP_CLEANUP=true INITIAL_VERSION=v8.2.0
```

Testing a chain upgrade is a three step process:

1. Build a initial node version docker container (e.g. `v9.0.0`)
2. Build a docker image for the evmos target version(local repo by default) (e.g. `v9.1.0`)
3. Run tests

### Run upgrade tests

The e2e test will first run a `INITIAL_VERSION` node.

The node will submit, deposit and vote for an upgrade proposal for upgrading to the `TARGET_VERSION`.

After block `50` is reached, the test suite exports `/.evmosd` folder from docker container to local `build/` and than purge the container.

Suite will mount `TARGET_VERSION` node to local `build/` dir and start the node. Node will get upgrade information from `upgrade-info.json` and will execute the upgrade.

> ### Version retireve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Version retrieve
```

> `INITIAL_VERSION` and `TARGET_VERSION` retieved from git tags by default with folowing commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`INITIAL_VERSION` and `TARGET_VERSION` retrieved from git tags by default with following commands:
```

```shell
# INITIAL_VERSION
git describe --abbrev=0 --tags `git rev-list --tags --skip=1 --max-count=1`

# TARGET_VERSION
git describe --abbrev=0 --tags `git rev-list --tags --max-count=1`
```

> If `Makefile` command cannot get the tags by some reason(i.e. you have no tag for local branch and want to upgrade from specific version to local node etc), versions should be specified manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `Makefile` command cannot get the tags for some reason (i.e. you have no tag for the local branch and want to upgrade from a specific version to a local node etc), versions should be specified manually:
```

```shell
make test-e2e INITIAL_VERSION=<version> TARGET_VERSION=<version>
```

`TARGET_VERSION` used as a software upgrade version in proposal and must match the version in `upgrades` package.

### Testing Results

> Running the e2e test make script, will output the test results for each testing file. In case of an sucessfull upgrade the script will output like `ok  	github.com/evmos/evmos/v9/tests/e2e	174.137s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the e2e test make script will output the test results for each testing file. In case of a successful upgrade, the script will print the following output (example):

```shell
ok  	github.com/evmos/evmos/v9/tests/e2e	174.137s.
```
```
